hi welcome to Lin's recipes today I'm
going to make potato cakes this is a
great way to use up your leftover mashed
potatoes
the amounts of the ingredients that
you're going to need to make this recipe
will be listed in the information box
below where you can find it on the
website
the ingredients are you'll need some
leftover mashed potatoes that are cold
you'll need an egg you'll need some
flour and you can use either self-rising
or all-purpose some diced onion salt
pepper and a little vegetable oil I'm
going to use a fork to mash all this
stuff together and I'm going to start
with getting the potatoes out of the
measuring cup and adding the egg the
onion the flour a little bit of salt and
some pepper I'm just going to take my
fork and start mashing this together
this is going to be a really stiff
mixture and that's the way it's supposed
to be just keep on mashing I want to
make sure that the eggs incorporated all
throughout the mixture along with the
onion okay I'm just going to take my
spoon real quick and just make sure I
have all of it mixed from the bottom
okay that looks good so now I'm ready to
fry I'm going to start by turning this
on and I'm going to put some vegetable
oil in my skillet and let this heat up a
little bit okay so I have a spoonful of
my potato mixture I'm going to put this
into skillet I'm going to dip my spoon
in the oil and flatten it out and that
keeps it from sticking when you flatten
it and I'm going to continue filling up
my skillet
squeeze one more in we're gonna let
these fry for three to five minutes
until they're browned and then we'll
turn them over I'm going to just start
turning these over and we're going to
turn them and cook them on the other
side for an additional two to three
minutes so nice and brown I'm ready to
take out my potato cakes and put them on
a paper lined plate so that they can
drain
okay I'm gonna let thee sit here for a
few minutes to drain before we serve
them I've put my potato cakes on a
serving plate and some of the things
that you might choose to serve with your
potato cakes are some sour cream and I
have a little chives in here some apple
sauce or some ketchup these are potato
cakes I hope you enjoy them
you